Avoid empty commit for catalog update (#45)
skypilot-org/skypilot-catalog: README.md

**Supported catalog schema versions**: v1, v2, v3, v4, v5

## Automatic Catalog Fetching

> The catalogs are automatically fetched from the cloud providers for AWS and GCP. More clouds will be added when [catalog fetchers](https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot/tree/master/sky/clouds/service_catalog/data_fetchers) are implemented and more stable.
> 
> Catalogs for every cloud are updated **every 7 hours**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Catalogs for AWS and GCP are automatically fetched & refreshed from the cloud provider, implemented as GitHub Actions. Other clouds can implement [catalog fetchers](https://github.com/skypilot-org/skypilot/tree/master/sky/clouds/service_catalog/data_fetchers) and a corresponding Action to add auto-refresh.

Catalogs are updated **every 7 hours**.
```
